PopCap Games Framework License

Version 1.0

Copyright (c) 2005 PopCap Games. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or 
without modification, are permitted provided that the following 
conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code or derived libraries, whether 
source code or binary, must include a copy of this PopCap Games 
Framework License in its entirety.

2. The end-user documentation included with a work which 
contains any portion of the PopCap Games Framework must include 
the following acknowledgment:

"This product includes portions of the PopCap Games Framework 
(http://developer.popcap.com/)."

Alternatively, this acknowledgment may appear in the software 
itself, wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally 
appear.

3. The names "PopCap" and "PopCap Games" must not be used to 
endorse or promote products derived from this software without 
prior written permission. For written permission, please 
contact bizdev@popcap.com.

4. Products derived from this software may not be called 
"PopCap", nor may "PopCap" appear in their name, without prior 
written permission of PopCap Games.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGMENT AND FITNESS FOR 
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL POPCAP 
GAMES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, 
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, 
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND 
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT 
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING 
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF 
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
